The following programme contains
strong language and violent scenes.
- Good morning.
- UDC is going to be
in Tallinn on the 22nd
We're assuming you've finished
whatever business you had in Munich?
That seems like a decent assumption.
Elias.
Do you know what happened to
Norman after I called him?
They came for him.
Something went wrong in Belarus.
Norman knew we were coming.
If there's a leak,
it has to be investigated
and resolved.
From here on, keep the circle tight.
This life, it's not normal.
When are you coming back?
Honestly, I don't know.
It's not good enough, Charles.
Foreign Secretary. Can you comment
on the events in Germany?
Manfred and Elias Fest were not only
close personal friends of mine,
they were fearless defenders of
Western values and our way of life.
"Are you next,
Foreign Secretary?
"Are you worried
for your own safety?
"What does this mean
for your party?"
We have Leckner on video
with an update from the BND.
"The loss of these heroic men
is a terrible tragedy for Germany,
"the German people,
and for Western democracy itself.
"Thank you again."
"The British Foreign Secretary,
Jeremy Whitelock,
"calling the murders
of Manfred and Elias Fest
"a tragedy
for Western democracy itself.
"Around the world, tributes have..."
"Elias Fest
was murdered a few hours ago
"and it will take time..."
We need to talk.
"However, one thing seems clear.
"Elias Fest hired a professional
assassin to kill his own father.
"Yeah, and apparently, he...
he failed to pay what he owed."
He probably wasn't
expecting to be used as bait.
"The assassin disguised himself
as a limo driver
"and killed Elias
en route to his father's funeral."
And we know this, how?
"Elias called his head of security
er, Muller, from the limo."
Was the call recorded?
"Er, no."
Was it in German?
"Er, no, English."
Age?
"All I have at this time
is not young, not old."
Did anyone get a good look at him?
"It appears not, no."
"How are you getting on
with your investigation?
"Your British gunmaker?"
We have a lead on his brother
we're actively pursuing,
although right now I'm afraid
we don't have anything
significant enough to share.
"I see.
"Meanwhile our assassin
has disappeared.
"Police all over Europe
are looking for him."
Putain! Hey!
Putain!
Anthony Mallison?
♪ Some flowers never get to bloom
and see the day
♪ Some flowers are content
to wish their lives away
♪ Some may rise
♪ And some may fall
♪ But only
♪ You may
♪ Ever
♪ See me true
♪ So only
♪ You can
♪ Tell that
♪ This is who I am
♪ No life
♪ Lonely
♪ This is who I am. ♪
My American friend
is taking a chance on me.
It's not official for 303.
They picked up some chatter.
Hm.
"Rodin price point agreed.
Commencement paid.
"Jackal en route."
Somebody's hiring
the Jackal for another kill.
Rodin? Mean anything to you?
Uh-uh.
Could be the buyer?
More likely the target.
Where did they pick up the chatter?
Wouldn't say.
We need a breakthrough Bianca,
and soon.
Hey?
"Hey."
Hi.
"Are you OK?"
Mm-hm.
So, er...
I've been thinking
about what you said.
"And I think
you were absolutely right.
"I think this has all been
too much."
Look, they've got me
away for a few more nights,
but I was wondering
if there was any chance that I could
persuade you to come to Paris.
Paris?
"Yeah."
"I thought I could try
and get our room
"at that little place in the Marais,
the one by the Place des Vosges?
"Remember? I thought we could try
and get a table at the San Martin.
"We could talk."
I don't know.
There's a lot that I...
well, that I need
to talk to you about...
...that I've been afraid to.
"Please come.
"I checked the flights and there's
a two o'clock from Seville."
Please.
Alright.
Was that a yes? Yeah, OK?
OK.
"I'll sort all the tickets
and stuff, and I'll email you.
OK.
I love you.
Please tell me you've got something
from Sniper School?
None of the names from that list
have been out of the country
in the past few weeks.
But there might be one
who's worth talking to.
George Hands. He runs a sniper
WhatsApp group. He's obsessed.
I'm gonna go talk to him now.
Ah, no.
Text me the address. I'll go myself.
Hey, I'm not the mole, you know.
It's hardly a bloody secret, is it?
Everyone's on edge.
Carver's asking for access to phones
and emails of anyone
that knew about Belarus.
Watch Sparrow's phone. If it moves,
let me know.
You're not what I was expecting.
Yeah.
Get that all the time. Can I...?
3,815 metres?
Do you know how far that is?
No.
That's over two
- of your English miles.
- Two miles?
Is that right?
Do you know how long a bullet
- takes to travel two miles?
- Tell me.
Six, seven seconds.
Like, your target
can be standing by the window
when you take that shot,
and be sitting on the toilet
by the time the bullet shows up.
- Hm.
- You see,
when you shoot at that distance,
you are shooting into the future.
Wow.
Yeah.
Now, your fella...
well, he's probably very good,
but he is one lucky bastard,
I tell you that.
Well, if he's good...
he must be British Army, right?
100 percent.
Could you have made that shot,
- back in the day?
- Oh yeah, course.
Standing on me head.
Look, I was one of the best,
but two miles?
I never took a shot at that range.
Could anyone here have taken it?
That Wilson was a total wanker.
He couldn't hit a barn door
at ten yards.
And Parker's in jail.
Mitchell.
On a good day...
...nah.
Nah. He was good.
But, nah, it's just too far.
Must have been a lot of chat
about this on your WhatsApp group.
Oh, course. Its nonstop.
Anyone in the group who
could have made that shot?
Hold on.
You?
What,
are you saying they're suspects?
Oh, I'm just gathering
some background.
Cos none of the lads
could've done it.
And even if they could,
they wouldn't.
Yeah?
Thanks.
Cheers.
The good old days.
Now, we were the best.
Well, not really
cos none of you
could've made that shot.
There is one guy.
Go on.
He was at Stirling Lines.
It was after my time.
But, well, he was a legend.
Who?
Alexander Duggan.
And where can I find him?
Well, first off,
you need to take a plane to Kabul.
- Kabul?
- And then you get yourself
down to Helmand.
And you'll find Duggan
just outside Lashkar Gah.
Bits of him, anyway.
I heard Duggan was taken out
by an IED with his entire squad.
Messy.
So, Duggan's dead?
Ten years ago.
Thank you.
You've been so helpful.
You're welcome.
The Sparrow hasn't moved
from the hotel.
"What did Hands have to say?"
Get me everything you can
on Alexander Duggan. Sniper.
Killed in Helmand in 2013.
Well, what's the point,
if Duggan's dead?
Oh, my...
Damian, please just do it!
Fucking do it!
Great. Searching for dead people.
♪ RADIOHEAD:
Street Spirit
♪ Rows of houses
♪ All bearing down on me
♪ I can feel their
♪ Blue hands touching me
♪ All these things into position
♪ All these things
we'll one day swallow whole
♪ Fade out
♪ Again
♪ Oh
♪ La la la
♪ La, la, la
♪ Oh
♪ Cracked... ♪
Hi.
OK.
Couldn't get our room in the Marais,
but I did managed to get us
a table at San Martin.
You said you wanna talk,
so talk, or I go.
And I want the truth.
- I go.
- I've been lying to you
since the day that I met you.
I love you, Nuria, and Carlito.
That's not a lie.
And it never has been.
But I knew that if I told you
the truth about myself...
...then I'd lose you both.
What is the truth?
What do you do, Charles?
I'm a trouble shooter.
What does that mean?
So, big companies, multi-nationals,
when they have a problem,
they send me in to solve it.
A problem?
Yeah.
Do you kill people?
No.
No, I don't kill people.
No. It's industrial espionage.
And, usually, it's relatively
straightforward and above board.
Occasionally,
it's a little more complicated.
And, erm sometimes,
very rarely, it's illegal.
Illegal?
Sometimes I use false identities.
Sometimes I buy people off.
- Sounds fucking dangerous.
- The people
I work for are billionaires.
The people I investigate
are billionaires.
They're all fucking dangerous.
What about your son?
What'd you mean?
I can't...
I can't believe
you put our lives at risk.
Oh, no,
I've never put your lives at risk.
Nuria, I've never put
your lives at risk and-
Just to be your wife,
to be your son.
This is a risk for us.
Listen to me.
I'm very careful,
and I'm very good at what I do.
Listen, these people that hire me
they don't know anything about me,
they don't know my name, and-Maybe
you don't know the risk, Charles.
You say they are dangerous.
Dangerous for us.
In a couple of weeks,
this is all gonna be over.
It's gonna be done. I'm through.
I meant that. I'm done with it.
And once this job is done,
we will have enough money
to live the life that we wanna live.
And it'll be a great life, Nuria.
Oh, come on.
Come on.
It'll be a...
It'll be a great life.
The three of us.
Together.
Please believe me.
How can I believe you?
You lied to me.
From the start, you lie.
And now you say,
"Believe me,
I don't want this anymore."
How can I believe you?
Tell me.
How?
Because I'm here.
And the only reason that
I'm here in Paris, in this hotel,
in this fucking room,
is because my life is with you.
And if I don't...
If I don't have that,
then I don't have anything.
I like you like this.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
When do you finish this job?
Two weeks.
And then, I promise you,
everything will be the way
that you want it to be.
No more lies, please.
Please.
No more lies.
This Jackal is free to ply
his trade. Fine.
That's liberal economics,
but killing Elias Fest?
Did you, or did you not,
tell the Jackal not to do anything
that would endanger our project?
I did. Explicitly.
I think we need to find
somebody else.
With respect,
did he go off piste in Munich?
Yes, I understand that,
but time is short.
You're not gonna find
anybody as good as the Jackal.
I can get someone
from Special Forces like that.
You went down that route
and it didn't work out so well,
which is why Leonora came to me
- first.
- I have an update.
Turns out Elias hired
the Jackal to kill Manfred.
He didn't pay up,
so the Jackal killed him.
OK, that's just sick.
We need to get shot of this guy.
Hang on.
This guy goes back to Munich,
a town that is swarming with police,
to call in an unpaid debt.
To me that speaks of character.
Where is he now?
He should be in Tallinn.
You need to find him
and stay with him.
Well, that would be challenging.
He's not gonna like that.
We're sticking with the Jackal
because you recommended it.
Is that your recommendation?
It is.
Well, on your head be it.
There's still no movement
on Sparrow's phone.
OK.
See you tomorrow.
I've loved you
since the first I saw you.
You were the only girl for me.
And when I was in jail
all those years...
...you stood by me.
You came to visit me every week.
You were always there for me.
We had a great life.
Argh!
Oi!
Personal Protection Unit.
Can I have your department number
and personal ID?
"3-0-3-5-2-1-4-5-5-B."
Am I speaking to Bianca?
"Yep, yep, you are."
Are you in danger, Bianca?
I'm being pursued by a man
with a knife.
I'm leading him to Camden Lock,
north bank, south of High Street.
I'm sending you the pin now.
I'm connecting you now. Stand by.
This is Vincent Pyne."I have an
officer in danger - Bianca Pullman.
"Sending you her location."
Received.
"Stand by."
"Bianca!? It's me, Vince.
"Where exactly are you?"
Lockride bridge.
Are you in immediate danger?
"Well, he's has a knife,
"and he definitely wants to kill me,
but I need this guy alive."
Understood. Keep your distance
till we get there.
"Is he still on you?"
Hang on, he's stopped.
Why has he stopped?
Shit.
Fuck.
He's gone. He's fucking gone.
"I can't lose him, Vince.
This guy's my only lead!"
"OK, be careful. Stay on the line."
I've got him.
North bank, heading south.
- I'm going after him.
- Almost with
you. Don't do anything stupid, yeah?
Larry! Larry stop!
Drop the knife.
Armed Police! Armed Police!
Stay where you are!
Stick your hands up!
Hello, stranger.
Larry, I need you to get
on the floor and drop the weapon.
Larry, drop the-
Don't shoot!
Fuck.
Armed Police! Armed Police!
Armed Police!
Who the fuck is that?
She was my asset.
Sparrow.
Alison.
Give it to me straight, doctor.
Is she gonna make it?
She'll pull through.
Oh, my brave soldier.
Oh, fuck you.
Still charming as ever.
What's it like working in PPU?
I've been on secondment for a year.
Waiting for my next assignment.
But, you know, it's good.
I like keeping people safe.
Yeah, I might need
some lessons in that.
You know how it is in this game,
there's always casualties.
The trick is to keep them
to a minimum.
And, look, Larry's alone in London.
The police are pretty certain
they'll catch him sooner or later.
All done.
But...
...better safe than sorry.
Thanks.
'Mum! What happened to your arm?'
Mum?
What happened?
You alright?
Yeah, yeah, I'm fine.
Er, it's been a night, but I'm good.
Jaz, why don't you go
and finish getting ready for school?
I made a smoothie if you want some.
Thank you.
Oh, God, yeah it's,
erm, Edinburgh today.
Glasgow.
Glasgow, sorry.
So, can you tell me what happened?
No.
OK.
But when you disappear, for work,
it's really hard to not imagine
worst-case scenarios.
It's really not as bad as it looks.
Can we just- ?
And when you say things like that,
it just shuts me out.
Can we just-OK, fine, well, then,
I'll just not go to the conference.
What, no, that's not what I'm-
Well, why not?
I know how hard you've worked
on this paper.
You are going.
Dad, you're gonna slay.
OK, well, apparently,
I'm gonna "slay," so...
Here.
You're good. OK?
OK, OK.
Here.
Look after your mum, love.
Yeah.
Bye.
Do you need to take some
personal time?
No. No, I'm fine. Thank you.
Good.
Any new developments?
No. Not yet.
Bianca, I want to support you.
But Larry escaping
is only just the latest.
We have two field officers
dead in Belarus, an asset murdered,
not to mention her daughter
who died in custody.
And now we have Carver going through
everyone's phones and emails.
It's horribly messy,
and, unfortunately,
it all comes back to you.
Oversight are already all over this.
There's only so much I can do
to protect you.
We need to make some progress.
Vincent Pyne.
We trained at Hendon together.
He did close protection,
advanced driver,
tach adviser before he went to NCA
and ended up at Six.
I need him reassigned to this op.
I can trust him, Isabel.
Very well.
I'll do my best for you,
but I am under a lot of pressure
from the Foreign Secretary.
He is asking me for regular updates.
So, from this point on,
you need to tell me...
...every development
the minute it happens.
Of course.
Bianca...
every development.
What?
"Norman, it's me."
I know it's you
otherwise I wouldn't be calling you.
"What do you want?"
I need an address.
I'll talk to my man.
Come on.
We have intelligence
that a contract's been taken out
on your life.
'Oh, really, Keith?'
Of course a contract
has been taken out.
Did we really think
the Ancien Regime
would stand idly by
and let River flow?
Sir, I have to recommend that
you do not leave the island
until this is resolved.
We have to be in Tallinn for the
announcement. If we pull out now,
our enemies will have a field day.
You cannot go to Tallinn.
The world needs River.
It's bigger than all of us.
We believe
they've hired
a professional assassin.
Where are you getting this from?
Credible sources
within the intelligence community.
Who's taken out this contract?
We don't have that information, sir.
Does the assassin have a name?
Unknown to us.
So, you don't know
who wants him dead,
and you don't know
who's taking the shot.
But you want to call off an event
of this historic magnitude?
Mr Charles will be
extremely vulnerable in Tallinn.
You're his security.
Make sure he's secure,
and let UDC be UDC.
Yes, sir.
"Let UDC be UDC."
He'll love it.
"Drone four airborne
and transmitting."
Thank you.
Thanks.
Sorry.
No worries.
I'm just gonna have to pat you down.
Raise your arms.
Could you put your arms out?
Do you know what?
It's probably... It's probably that.
Oh, well you're allowed
to have your wallet.
Just gonna check.
All clear.
All good.
Yeah. Here's your phone.
Oh, thank you.
Enjoy the concert.
I will.
One non-alcoholic beer.
You changed.
Yeah, um... Yeah.
'So, I've been
given some information.'
The Jackal's been
contracted for another hit.
Who's the target?
All I have is a codename -
Rodin.
You don't know who it is?
No. Not yet.
What's Isabel say?
I haven't told her-
You haven't told your boss?
What the fuck?
I don't know who
I can trust right now, Vince.
Especially after Belarus.
So, who knew about Belarus?
Er, in 303...
Damian, Osi,
Isabel, obviously.
Carver's on the job now,
so it's a full-blown mole hunt.
What you gonna do about Rodin?
I don't know, man.
How am I supposed to find this man
if I can't trust my organisation?
Yeah.
Sounds like you're fucked, mate.
- Really?
- So, why don't we
get you a proper drink,
get a few cocktails,
maybe some shots.
Erm... I've gotta get back
to my daughter, she's on her own.
Where's Paul?
He's on a work trip.
How's that going?
The work trip?
The marriage?
It's good.
"Good."
Hm.
What do you guys even talk about?
A college professor and a gun nut?
Lots of stuff.
Like what?
Stuff.
"Stuff."
Shut up.
Fuck.
Fuck!
I'm sorry.
No-one's handed a phone in.
Oh, fuck.
Yeah.
I need that phone.
Well, we all need our phones.
Yeah.
Yeah, OK. Thank you.
You know what? Erm, come with me.
I'm gonna need your number.
Yeah, shall I put it in?
Yeah. Here you go.
Thank you.
There you go.
Thanks.
Oh. Jackpot.
Encouraging.
Oh, I see something.
Here it is.
Oh, yeah.
You are a hero. Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
What's your name?
Erm, Rasmus.
Rasmus.
Thank you, Rasmus.
I'm Peter.
Nice to meet you.
Hello?
Ah, God. Jasmine!
Jaz?
What kind of mother are you?
Me and Jasmine have been
waiting for hours.
I want you to see this.
Ahhh!
- Ahhh!
- You OK? Show me.
You're OK, you're OK.
Here, take this. Go. Go.
Ugh!
You're gonna tell me
where Norman is. Right now.
Fuck you.
Fuck me?
Arrrrrgh!
You're in my house!
Tell me everything I need to know.
Or you die. Right here.
Go ahead.
Do it.
Mum!
♪ WOLF ALICE: Wicked Game
Larry Stoke, you're
arrested for force imprisonment
and intent to cause
grievous bodily harm.
You do not have to say anything,
but it may harm your defence...
♪ What a wicked game to play...
He said you killed his daughter.
Of course not.
Cool.
♪ To make me dream of you
♪ What a wicked thing to say
♪ You never felt this way
♪ What a wicked thing to do
♪ To make me dream of you
♪ And I-I
♪ Don't wanna fall in love...
Hello.
♪ And I-I
♪ Don't wanna fall in love
♪ This world is only gonna break
your heart
♪ You know I-I
♪ This world is only gonna
break your heart
♪ I-I
♪ Don't wanna fall in love
♪ Again
♪ With you...
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky